"Cross-AgencyPriorityGoalHeader " ,"GoalStatement" ,"Overview" ,"ProgressUpdate" ,"Goal Leaders" ,"Themes" ,"GoalType" ,"PMATheme"
"Category Management" ,"Expand the use of high-quality, high-value strategic sourcing solutions in order to improve the government’s buying power and reduce contract duplication.  " ,"Federal contracting is often seen as a highly complex process that ultimately leads to less innovation, higher costs, and weaker performance. Today, proposals for contracts are lengthy, overly prescriptive, and laden with Government-specific requirements. There is also staggering duplication of contracts across Government and very little information sharing between agencies on pricing or other important contractual information. In order to fundamentally improve how taxpayer dollars are used in the Federal contracting space, the Administration is embarking on a comprehensive initiative to enhance collaboration and cooperation and drive greater innovation and improved performance through the implementation of Category Management.  This cross-agency priority (CAP) goal is focused on category management and will build on the progress made in the strategic sourcing initiative, leveraging the consolidated purchasing power of the Government to buy smarter and reduce duplication.  Category management is a new, more strategic approach that will enable the federal government to buy smarter and more like a single enterprise.  It involves identifying core areas of spend, developing heightened levels of expertise, leveraging shared best practices, providing streamlined solutions for acquisition, and managing supply and demand.  The objective is to increase efficiency and effectiveness while reducing costs and redundancies.  The first area of focus for category management is information technology and the CAP goal will support this initiative.  The objectives of the Category Management CAP goal will be expanded as the Category Management Leadership Council endorses other areas of focus.  The CAP Goal metrics can be found on the “supporting materials tabs” and progress updates will begin in the final Quarter of FY15.   " ,"" ,"Leslie Field, Acting Administrator, Office of Federal Procurement Policy, Office of Management and Budget  Frank Kendall, US Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Department of Defense  " ,"General Government||Management" ,"Management" ,"Efficiency: Maximize value of Federal spending"
